Pull out a top level RecordEncryption guide (#2190)
kroxylicious/kroxylicious: docs/record-encryption-guide/index.adoc

:experimental:
include::_assets/attributes.adoc[]

:context: record-encryption
:guide: record-encryption

[id="using-book-{context}"]
= Record Encryption Guide

include::modules/record-encryption/con-about-{guide}-guide.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

[role="_abstract"]

> Kroxylicious's Record Encryption filter enhances the security of Kafka messages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Kroxylicious Record Encryption filter enhances the security of Kafka messages.
```

The filter uses industry-standard cryptographic techniques to apply encryption to Kafka messages, ensuring the confidentiality of data stored in the Kafka Cluster.

> Kroxylicious centralizes topic-level encryption, ensuring streamlined encryption across Kafka clusters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By centralizing topic-level encryption, Kroxylicious provides streamlined protection across Kafka clusters.
```

There are three steps to using the filter:

> 1. Setting up a Key Management System (KMS).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Set up a Key Management System (KMS)
```

> 2. Establishing the encryption keys within the KMS that will be used to encrypt the topics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Establish encryption keys within the KMS for securing the topics
```

> 3. Configuring the filter within Kroxylicious.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Configure the filter within Kroxylicious
```

> The filter integrates with a Key Management Service (KMS), which has ultimate responsibility for the safe storage of sensitive key material.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The filter integrates with a Key Management Service (KMS), which is responsible for the safe storage of sensitive key material.
```
